Improve descriptions tag (#2772)
near/docs: docs/tools/near-api.md

id: near-api
title: NEAR API
sidebar_label: NEAR API

> description: "Learn to use NEAR API SDKs in JavaScript, Rust, and Python to interact with blockchain."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn to use APIs in JavaScript, Rust, and Python to interact with the blockchain."
```
